README.md, before:

Standard Lua libraries
======================

by the [stdlib project][github]

[github]: http://github.com/rrthomas/lua-stdlib/ "Github repository"

[![travis-ci status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rrthomas/lua-stdlib.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/rrthomas/lua-stdlib/builds)


This is a collection of Lua libraries for Lua 5.1 and 5.2. The
libraries are copyright by their authors 2000-2013 (see the AUTHORS
file for details), and released under the MIT license (the same
license as Lua itself). There is no warranty.

The standard subset of stdlib has no prerequisites beyond a standard
Lua system. The following modules have extra dependencies:

    fstable: Lua 5.2, lfs, luaposix


Installation
------------

The simplest way to install stdlib is with [LuaRocks][]. To install the
latest release (recommended):

    luarocks install stdlib

To install current git master (for testing):

    luarocks install https://raw.github.com/rrthomas/lua-stdlib/release/stdlib-git-1.rockspec

To install without LuaRocks, check out the sources from the
[repository][github], and then run the following commands: the
dependencies are listed in the dependencies entry of the file
`stdlib-rockspec.lua`. You will also need autoconf and automake.

    cd lua-stdlib
    autoreconf --force --version --install
    ./configure --prefix=INSTALLATION-ROOT-DIRECTORY
    make all check install

See [INSTALL][] for instructions for `configure`.

[luarocks]: http://www.luarocks.org "LuaRocks Project"
[install]: https://raw.github.com/rrthomas/lua-stdlib/master/INSTALL

Use
---

As well as requiring individual libraries, you can load the standard
set with

    require "std"

Modules not in the standard set may be removed from future versions of
stdlib.


Documentation
-------------

The libraries are [documented in LuaDoc][github.io]. Pre-built HTML
files are included.

[github.io]: http://rrthomas.github.io/lua-stdlib


Bug reports and code contributions
----------------------------------

These libraries are written and maintained by their users. Please make
bug report and suggestions on GitHub (see URL at top of file). Pull
requests are especially appreciated.

Commit message:

Remove stdlib modules and rename to rrtlib.

README.md, after:

Standard Lua libraries
======================

by the [rrtlib project][github]

[github]: http://github.com/rrthomas/lua-rrtlib/ "Github repository"

[![travis-ci status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rrthomas/lua-rrtlib.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/rrthomas/lua-rrtlib/builds)


This is a collection of Lua libraries for Lua 5.1 and 5.2. The
libraries are copyright by their authors 2000-2013 (see the AUTHORS
file for details), and released under the MIT license (the same
license as Lua itself). There is no warranty.

Rrtlib requires stdlib. The following modules have extra dependencies:

    fstable: Lua 5.2, lfs, luaposix


Installation
------------

The simplest way to install rrtlib is with [LuaRocks][]. rrtlib does
not have formal releases, so to install current git master:

    luarocks install https://raw.github.com/rrthomas/lua-rrtlib/release/rrtlib-git-1.rockspec

To install without LuaRocks, check out the sources from the
[repository][github], and then run the following commands: the
dependencies are listed in the dependencies entry of the file
`rrtlib-rockspec.lua`. You will also need autoconf and automake.

    cd lua-rrtlib
    autoreconf --force --version --install
    ./configure --prefix=INSTALLATION-ROOT-DIRECTORY
    make all check install

See [INSTALL][] for instructions for `configure`.

[luarocks]: http://www.luarocks.org "LuaRocks Project"
[install]: https://raw.github.com/rrthomas/lua-rrtlib/master/INSTALL

Use
---

For a library "foo", use something like:

    foo = require "rrt.foo"


Documentation
-------------

The libraries are [documented in LuaDoc][github.io]. Pre-built HTML
files are included.

[github.io]: http://rrthomas.github.io/lua-rrtlib


Bug reports and code contributions
----------------------------------

These libraries are written and maintained by their users. Please make
bug report and suggestions on GitHub (see URL at top of file). Pull
requests are especially appreciated.
